## Imprint

* Florentin Luca Rieger
* Game & Web Developer
* Margareten, Vienna, AT
* hello@bonfire-game.com

## Data Privacy

### Privacy notice
Bonfire is well aware of just how important your personal data are. Below you will find detailed information on the ways in which we collect and process your data on this website.

### Personal data
“Personal data” refers to any kind of information that relates directly or indirectly to a natural person (such as name, address and membership details). Processing your personal data is essential for concluding the membership agreement with you and processing your transactions. We require these data in order to provide services to you. We also collect your personal data when you visit our website.

### Our website
We aim to constantly improve our website in order to maximise user-friendliness during your visit. To achieve this, we collect certain information from website users, including by means of server log files and cookies.

* **Server log files**
The website host automatically saves information in server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. This information includes your IP address, browser and language settings, operating system, referrer URL, internet service provider, and the date and time. The saving of this data is necessary because of security reasons, e.g. specific indications of unlawful use. We store these data only for as long as necessary (30 days).

* **Cookies**
Cookies are text files that record certain information on your device. We save cookies on your device in order to simplify your access to our website and to enable us to evaluate visits to our site. Our cookies record your IP address and your visits to our website. We use this information for the purpose of anonymised evaluation. You can configure your browser to either block cookies or to notify you when the browser receives our cookies. In the most common browsers, this setting can be found under “Security” or “Data protection” in the Settings menu. This means you can choose whether to accept or reject cookies. If you block cookies, this will restrict the functionality available to you during your visit to our site, such as searches or queries. You can delete cookies from your system once you have left our website.
You can manage and/or delete cookies, as required. For details on how to do this, visit [https://www.aboutcookies.org/](https://www.aboutcookies.org/).

* **Google Analytics**
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, LLC., Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are saved on your computer to enable analysis of your use of this site. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and saved on a server in the United States by Google. We use the IP anonymisation function in Google Analytics. This truncates your IP address within the European Union, and the IP address is then sent in anonymised form to servers in the United States. Only in exceptional cases (e.g. outage of EU-based systems) is the full IP address transmitted to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for us in our role as the website operator and providing other services relating to the use of our website. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. For further information on Google’s use of data, visit [https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB).
You can deactivate Google Analytics in widely used browsers. Visit [https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en) for more details.
You can also opt out of google analytics on our site with this [link](javascript:gaOptout();).

* **YouTube**
Our website features components (videos) from YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., 94066 San Bruno, CA, USA (“YouTube”), a Google subsidiary. In this regard, we use the “extended data protection mode” option provided by YouTube.
If you visit a page that includes an embedded video, a connection is established to YouTube’s servers and the content is displayed on the page by means of a message sent to your browser. According to information provided by YouTube, in extended data protection mode, only data concerning the pages you visited on our website and the time you watched a video are transmitted to YouTube’s servers. If you are logged into YouTube at the same time, this information will be associated with your YouTube account. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account before you visit our website. You can manage the types of personal data Google collects from you while using YouTube by configuring the settings for your Google account (where applicable) and your browser. Google has provided data protection information in connection with YouTube at [https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=de](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=de).

* **Mailchimp**
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. [Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here](https://mailchimp.com/legal).

### Your rights
You can demand information on the origins, categories, duration of storage, recipients and purpose of the data we process in connection with you and your transactions, and the form such processing takes.
If we process personal data that are inaccurate or incomplete, you can demand rectification or completion of the data. You can also demand that unlawfully processed data be erased. Please note that this only applies to inaccurate, incomplete and unlawfully processed data. If it is unclear whether your processed personal data are inaccurate or incomplete, or have been unlawfully processed, you can demand that processing of your data be restricted until the matter is finally clarified. Please note that these rights are mutually complementary, meaning that you can only demand either the rectification or completion, or the erasure of your data.
If your personal data are accurate and complete and are being lawfully processed by us, you can submit a reasoned objection to processing of the data in certain cases. You can also submit an objection if you receive direct marketing from us and no longer wish to receive it in future.
You can request details of the personal data we process, provided that you supplied the data, in a machine-readable format to be determined by us, or request us to forward such details to a third party selected by you, provided the recipient has the necessary technology that enables us to do so, and transmission does not involve unreasonable expense and is not contrary to statutory or other duties of confidentiality, or confidentiality requirements on our part or on the part of third parties.
In all matters, we request that you use the contact details provided below and supply proof of your identity, for instance by sending an electronic copy of a form of ID.
Although we make every effort to ensure the protection and integrity of your data, differences of opinion may still arise regarding the ways in which we use your data. If you believe that we are using your data in a prohibited manner, you are entitled to lodge a complaint with the Austrian Data Protection Authority.

